docs(pie-docs): DSW-3980 slider button iconbutton docs migration (#3027)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/components/icon-button/android/android.md

    key: Android
    parent: Icon Button
    order: 3
eleventyComputed:
    sizes: "{% include '../overview/sizes.json' %}"
shouldShowContents: true
---

## Dos and Don'ts

{% usage {
    do: {
        type: usageTypes.text,
        items: [
           "Use when an icon button on its own can clearly indicate the action."
        ]
    },
    dont: {
        type: usageTypes.text,
        items: [

>             "Don't use if an icon on its own doesn't clearly indicate the action. Use a standard [Button](/components/button) instead."

Reviewer: The second part of the sentence is a bit off, maybe update to "if that's the case, use..."

        ]
    }
} %}

---

## Anatomy

{% contentPageImage {
    src:"../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/anatomy.svg",
    alt: "Anatomy of an icon button.",
    width: 180
} %}

{% list {
    type: listTypes.ordered,
    items: [
        "**Icon:** Icon that visually represents the action."
    ]
} %}

---

## Variants

{% contentLayout %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Primary</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/variation-primary.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Primary variant of an icon button."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Primary - alternative</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/variation-primary-alternative.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Primary alternative variant of an icon button."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    <h3>Secondary</h3>
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/variation-secondary.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Secondary variant of an icon button."

>     } %}

Reviewer: For the secondary variant, it might be good to change the background colour so the icon button container colour is visible. At the moment it has the same colour as the container which makes it look like the ghost variant.

    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
{% endcontentLayout %}

### Low

The outline, ghost, ghost tertiary and ghost inverse Icon Buttons should have the lowest prominence.

{% contentLayout %}
  {% contentItem %}
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/hierarchy-low-outline-apps.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Outline variant of an icon button."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/hierarchy-low-ghost.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Ghost variant of an icon button."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/hierarchy-low-ghost-secondary.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Ghost secondary variant of an icon button."
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
  {% contentItem %}
    {% contentPageImage {
      src: "../../../assets/img/components/icon-button/hierarchy-low-ghost-inverse.svg",
      width: 56,
      alt: "Ghost inverse variant of an icon button.",
      variant: "inverse"
    } %}
  {% endcontentItem %}
{% endcontentLayout %}

---

## Layout

### Pairing

> When using a Icon Button pairing, the key is to maintain consistency by all be the same type, with a 8px spacing between.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using an Icon Button pairing, the key is to maintain consistency by all being the same type, with a 8px spacing between.
```

The same paragraph appears in the iOS page.
